TINY-8606: Fixed the selection not deleted on `InsertParagraph` execution (#7764)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Dialogs will not exceed the window height on smaller screens #TINY-8146
- Text alignment could not be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715

> - delete selection on `InsertParagraph` and `mceInsertNewLine` execution #TINY-8606

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The selection was not deleted when using the `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands #TINY-8606
```
We need to say what the bug was that was fixed more so than what was changed here.

Author: should we also add a reason? something like:
```
The selection was not deleted when using the `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands in order to make the behavior like when `insertParagraph` is called via browser native API (`document.execCommand()`)
```

Reviewer: We could but that's far too long as the entries also need to be reasonably short. In this case I don't think it's needed though. If we did still want to, then maybe do something like this?
```suggestion
- The `InsertParagraph` or `mceInsertNewLine` commands did not delete the current selection like the native command used to #TINY-8606
```

Author: ok, done, thanks
